um, how does someone recover to failure or bump in a row? It's It's simple,
It's It's kind of like football. It's a lot like football running
backs. They're always talked to keep your legs moving. If you get
into a tough spot, cluster ball as tight as you can, which in this
situation would be the goal that you're trying to obtain. Put your
head down and just keep your legs moving. So I say that as an analogy
to say, Hey, if you run into a bump in the road, always keep your
golden mind. Embrace it and just keep working towards that. Go. Keep
pushing. Keep pushing. Keep pushing that never give up. If you give
up. That's when the answer becomes no, that's the moment that you give
up on you. Drop the ball or you stop moving your legs. That's when
the answer becomes no, and you feel so Just keep going. Keep moving.
It might. You might not go in the right direction, but go 100 miles
an hour in one direction or somewhere. But just keep your legs moving
and just embrace your goal. What you're trying to obtain and just
keep